Add translations of BP 54 to 64 by Mathieu POUCHES (#442)
cnumr/best-practices: chapters/BP_064_en.md

> ## Cache often-used computed Data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Cache frequently used computed Data
```

### Identifiers

| GreenIT | V2  | V3  |  V4  |
|:-------:|:---:|:---:|:----:|
|   47    | 62  | 64  |      |

### Categories

| Life cycle |  Tiers  |         Responsible          |
|:----------:|:-------:|:----------------------------:|
| 2. Design  | Network | Software Architect/Developer |

### Indications

|      Priority      | Implementation difficulty | Ecological impact |
|:------------------:|:-------------------------:|:-----------------:|
|         4          |             3             |         4         |

|                      Saved resources                      |
|:---------------------------------------------------------:|
|                      Processor / RAM                      |

### Description

> When values or data calculations are resources intensive, you should cache the results when the values remain unchanged, to voir repeating these operations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When values or data calculations are resources intensive, you should cache the results when the values remain unchanged, to avoid repeating these operations. 
```

> Key-value type cache systems are designed to store this data. Being generally entirely in RAM, they generate significant CPU cycles savings when computed data is frequently used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Key-value type cache systems are designed to store this data. As they are generally stored entirely in RAM, they generate significant CPU cycles savings when the calculated data is used frequently..
```

### Examples

> The number of contents (e.g., products) belonging to a category is  calculated while it is not updated very frequently. Caching each category's number of contents saves CPU cycles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of contents (e.g., products) belonging to a category is calculated while it is not updated very frequently. Caching each category's number of contents saves CPU cycles.
```

OAuth2 access tokens have expiration time. Caching tokens and their expiration time avoids unnecessary calls to the authorization server to revalidate them.

### Validation rule

| The number of ...     | is equal to or less than   |  
|-------------------|:-------------------------:|

> | non-volatile data that requires computation and is accessed multiple times, but not stored in a cache system  |  0 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| non-volatile data that requires computation and accessed multiple times, but not stored in a cache system  |  0 |
```
